[BD-5202]:Query Builder History TTL (#10594)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/analytics/query_builder.md

```
{% endraw %}

### Query history

> The **Query history** section in Query Builder displays your previously run queries to help you track and reuse your work. Query history is retained for seven days, then queries are automatically removed from the history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Query history** section in Query Builder displays your previously run queries to help you track and reuse your work. Query history is retained for seven days, meaning that queries older than seven days are automatically removed.
```
I'm assuming this means queries are in the history for only seven days.
